[IRUMA] Mm!
Have some more Hell Grey tea.
It's so good, thanks.
[SULLIVAN] Darling grandson!
We're announcing classes today,
and I made sure to put you
in very special one.
Special how?
Well, you said
you didn't want to stand out
because it makes you
uncomfortable,
so Grandpa made certain
your wish would come true!
Aw. That was nice of you.
Thanks for doing that.
Think nothing of it.
Iruma-kins! Good morning!
A most sincere
good morning, Iruma sir.
[CLARA]
Picking you up! Picking you up!
You'll be pleased to know
I put your friends
in the same class with you.
You'll all be
in the Misfit Class.
Did you say the Misfit Class?
[NARRATOR] Iruma Suzuki, age 14.
One day, he found himself
the grandson of a demon
named Sullivan.
Sullivan loves and spoils Iruma,
and is even sending him
to the most prestigious school
in the land.
But there's just one problem.
The school Iruma is attending
just so happens to be
the demon school
known as Babyls.
[IRUMA] I can't ever let them
find out I'm human
or I'm gonna get eaten for sure.
[IRUMA, ASMODEUS AND CLARA]
"The Misfit Class."
[indistinct chatter]
[ASMODEUS] I'm in the same class
as you, Iruma sir?
-Ah! [speaking indistinctly]
-I'm so happy.
Well, yeah, but, uh,
the problem is
it's called the Misfit Class,
and it's filled with
a bunch of troublemakers.
I put you in a class
with lots of troublemakers
who'll stand out
far more than you will.
-[IRUMA groans]
-[ASMODEUS] Master?
-[IRUMA] Huh?
-Right Connor, left Murf.
Any class I'm in with you
is automatically the best class.
I couldn't ask
for anything more.
Oh. Wow, really?
That's so good to hear.
[chuckles]
Hey, by the way, why do you
walk to school, Iruma sir,
when you could fly?
Huh? Well, actually...
Wait, are you saying
both you and Clara can fly?
But of course.
All demons can fly,
it's a well-known fact.
[BOTH gasp]
Iruma sir, are you...
[IRUMA gasps]
He knows I'm human!
...in training so you can
strengthen your core and legs?
I'm rather impressed.
Oh I, uh... [laughs nervously]
-[screams raucously]
-[bell rings]
[GIRL] We're in the same class.
Devi cool.
[BOY] Yay. That's devi awesome.
[CLARA] I'm with Iruma-kins!
-I'm so happy!
-[IRUMA] It's so conspicuous.
-The three of us, together!
-Why is it so bold?
-Horray!
-What do you think
Master's been talking about
this whole time, huh?!
[gasps]
I'm not in Iruma's class.
-[groans]
-Are you okay, Eiko?
I will be, I suppose.
♪
[ASMODEUS]
The first-years' tower.
[IRUMA]
It has a cafeteria, right?
Near the Misfit Class, maybe?
All new students' classes
should be here.
Oh, look right and look left
and look right again.
-Whoa!
-[IRUMA] Hmm?
Ha, it's this way!
That must be the arrow
which leads our Master Iruma,
the honor student,
directly down the right path.
Let us follow it.
[CLARA chuckles]
This way, this way.
Come on, follow me.
[IRUMA]
I know this is a demon school,
but it seems pretty normal.
I didn't really
get to go to school before,
so I'm looking forward to it.
♪
-[BOYS gasp]
-[BOY] What the what?
Where the devil
did my necklace go?!
And where are my earrings?
They're gone, too!
Yeah, bad habit. Sorry.
[CLARA]
Hold it! You better wait for us.
You're too fast!
Hey, hey, hey, hey,
hey, hey, hey...
-[IRUMA] Huh?
-It seems we're outside again.
[gasps] Iruma-kins, Azz-Azz,
it's this way, hurry.
-So exciting. Yay. Whoo!
-Down here?
There's
an underground classroom?
[CLARA]
I wonder how much farther it is.
[CLARA grunts in excitement]
-Ahh! It stinks!
-[CLARA groans]
[ASMODEUS] Well, we've
found the garbage dump.
[CLARA] It's even farther down.
In here?
[ALL] Wow!
♪
It's open.
-[chuckles] We're coming in!
-Master, look out.
Huh?!
[screams]
[grunting]
Why?!
[NARRATOR] Iruma's Overwhelming
Crisis Evasion Capability.
He has absolutely
no attack power,
but is an absolute wizard
at dodging things.
-[groans]
-[BOTH gasp]
[ALL gasp]
[GIRL chuckles]
-Nicely done.
-Brilliant.
[BOY 1] No wonder
he's the honor student.
[BOY 2]
I'd like to see that again.
[yawns]
Suffering makes
a real man outta you.
You are so cool!
Huh?
[BOY] Argh. But I still
lost the stupid bet.
Oh, yeah. I win.
Alright, come get your winnings.
Okay, line up, guys.
You there! What in the world
do you think you're doing?
-[laughs]
-Come on.
We're just having some fun.
Yeah, we bet on
how many times he'd get hit.
[IRUMA]
So this is the Misfit Class?
I almost died
just setting foot in here.
Man. You're the first guy
who's ever dodged 'em all.
Though, if you can believe it,
there was someone who managed
to catch all of them.
[chuckles]
Catch them all, wha...
-[BOY] Absurd!
-[gasps]
[IRUMA gasps in fear]
I would never dodge them,
how cowardly.
[BOTH] He caught them all?!
Wow, you're huge.
[grunts]
Ha. That's right.
I, the great Sabnock Sabro,
am strong enough to be worthy
of becoming Demon King.
The Demon King?
[NARRATOR] The Demon King,
the monarch who rules
over the netherworld
and all its inhabitants.
However, the Demon King's throne
has sat empty for ages.
Listen well, honor student.
I will become Yodh first,
and then the Demon King.
-[CLARA gasps in awe]
-[IRUMA] Huh?
Also, this is very important,
thou shalt kneel before me
when I become Yodh.
[IRUMA] Uh...
Sorry, what's all this
about "thou,"
and "becoming a Yodh"?
I don't get it.
[chuckles] Thou means you.
I means me.
As for Yodh,
it's the highest demon rank.
[NARRATOR]
A brief demon tutorial.
There are ten known ranks
of demon,
and the highest
of which is Yodh.
The Demon King,
ruler of the netherworld,
is selected from among the Yodh.
The Demon King is
the most powerful of all demons,
and therefore the one King
to rule them all.
So, naturally, the one
who'll achieve it will be me.
He's so big.
He's like a mountain.
But I have to
rise in rank first.
Which means,
any who rank above me
I despise with the fire
of a thousand suns!
-[grunts]
-[BOTH gasp]
Comments like that one
and fighting teachers
are why you ended up
in this class.
Oh, yeah. You even made
the school paper.
I figured the quickest way
to climb the ranks
was to defeat a teacher,
so I did it.
Oh, yeah, I see.
What do you mean I see?
You'd never heard of Yodh?!
And you call yourself a demon?!
[IRUMA squeals]
That's quite enough
boorishness out of you, Sabnock.
[chuckles]
If it isn't Asmodeus.
The top of the class.
I heard you even summoned
a Gorgon Snake as your familiar.
Indeed.
That's nice.
But I summoned a Kelbie,
which has more legs than yours,
so, too bad, it wins.
[blows whistle]
What kind of reasoning is that?!
But, of course,
the moment you became
the honor student's slave,
you no longer qualify
to be my rival.
So sorry.
Who would want
a title like that?
And for your information,
I'm not Master Iruma's slave.
It's more like I am his...
I am his friend!
-[echoing] I am his friend!
-[BOTH gasp]
-Uh, a friend?
-What is he talking about?
[BOY] I've never heard
that word before.
Yay for friendship.
[chuckles] I'll elucidate.
Uh, it's okay, I'm sure
nobody's interested, really.
Friends spend time together
and share in each other's joys
and sorrows
and form a blood pact to seal
their loyalty and willingness
to die for one another!
Wow, he turned that into
such a production!
Is this... friendship?!
No way, it's working?!
-[overlapping chatter]
-[BOY 1] Who cares about that?
-[BOY 2] What the hell?
-[BOY 3] Friends, huh?
Be silent!
I can hear you from outside.
Why can't you all just be quiet?
It's Professor Kalego.
[gasps] Eggie-teach.
Are you in charge here?
[grunts]
Yes, no thanks to you lot.
The other day, I was framed
because of a certain somebody
and in my absence,
I was appointed
this class' teacher.
[IRUMA] I can't bring myself
to look him in the eye!
[KALEGO]
Roll call. Agares Picero.
[yawns]
Asmodeus Alice.
Sir.
[KALEGO] Allocer Schneider.
I'm a learning machine.
[KALEGO] Andro M. Jazz.
Yo.
[KALEGO] Elizabetta X.
[singsongy] Here.
[KALEGO] Clara Valac.
Here I am, Eggie-teach.
That nickname dies right now.
Caim Camui.
[CAMUI sighs]
Caim Camui, are you here?
[CAMUI gasps] H-here.
[shudders]
[KALEGO] Garp Goemon.
[GOEMON]
Uh-huh, you're lookin' at him.
[KALEGO] Keroli Crocell.
[grunts] Here.
[KALEGO] Shax Lead.
Yeah, okay. Here, here.
[KALEGO sighs]
[KALEGO] Sabnock Sabro.
Cool.
[KALEGO] Purson Soi.
[grunts in annoyance]
-And Iruma.
-Here, sir.
[KALEGO]
Now, let us begin class.
All of you, outside, now,
you troublemaking idiots.
We're starting the process
to determine your ranks.
Wait, our ranks?
[KALEGO] Your first test
will be a race to the flag
at the end of this valley.
[elevator bell dings]
-[ALL gasp]
-[murmuring]
♪
Your ranks will be determined
by the familiar-summoning exam
given previously,
along with this race.
The goal is to reach the flag
atop a peak covered in mist
far beyond this valley,
before your classmates do.
-[CLARA AND ASMODEUS gasp]
-[IRUMA] Huh?!
♪
Here's the course
layout description.
Here's how the course'll go.
It'll be more time-consuming,
but you can take
the chill, relaxing route
through Warbling Valley.
Or the Cutthroat Valley course.
Though, there are many perils
and traps along the way.
Beware, the mountains
are vast and treacherous,
and the demon birds will protect
their nests at all costs.
The Cutthroat Valley course
is shorter,
but the unfortunate tradeoff
is that it could
outright end your life.
Sounds like it.
Okay, then. Let's g--
-[groans]
-[LEAD] Still hates it.
[GOEMON] No reason to think
he'd change his mind about it.
[clears throat]
The breakdown is done.
[scoffs] The only way
to get through this
like a boss is Cutthroat Valley.
[KALEGO] Too bad, this year,
Warbling Valley
is the sole option.
[gasps sharply]
For real?! But why?!
The guardian of Cutthroat Valley
has been in a mood lately.
It has a guardian?
That's right,
it's an enormous, magical beast
that rules over the area.
Uh... magical what?
[KALEGO] That's why
it's strictly off limits.
We can't guarantee your safety
if you choose to go in.
Forget that, I'm going in there!
Otherwise, what's the point
-of even doing this?
-Oh, tough.
♪
-[IRUMA gasps in fear]
-Ready, all of you.
[laughs]
♪
-Huh?
-[murmuring]
[KALEGO] And now,
the flying race will commence.
Ready... go.
[laughs]
[IRUMA screams]
[BOY] Let's make like the wind.
[IRUMA yelling]
[screams]
Oh, no, oh, no, oh, no, I'm...
[gasps] ...safe.
-[gasps]
-Get moving.
[yelping]
[screams]
♪
Now, then...
Right.
[BAT] Your Hell Grey tea, sir.
[KALEGO] Hmm.
Rawr!
[yawns]
[BAT whimpers]
-Sleepy.
-[BAT gasps]
Aw, man, I forgot
to save before the boss fight.
[CAMUI] Hmm? [gasps]
♪
[chuckles]
Ahem.
Ladies, may I fly by your side?
Is that a line?
[CAMUI] Absolutely not.
I just want to be
cradled lovingly
under your beautiful,
soft, plump triceps,
that's all, I swear.
Wow, aren't you honest.
In that case, would you say,
my passion is safe?!
[ELIZABETTA] Not a chance.
[CAMUI]
Your feet are 26.5 centimeters.
[grunts in annoyance]
Now switching to Demonitor 2.
[chirping]
[BIRDS scream]
Hey. How much do you think
this demon bird egg will go for?
Don't sell it, boil it.
Eight minutes,
and some salt will do.
-[chirping]
-[ALL scream]
[KALEGO]
I'm surrounded by cretins.
Surely at least one of you
is decent.
This is Demonitor Three.
As of yet, nobody has--
[screams]
[gasps]
Huh?
[screeching]
I guess there's no point
in trying to avoid them.
[grunts] Gorgon Snake,
do your thing!
Burn them all down!
[low screeching]
Nicely done.
[CLARA] Wowie!
-One more time. One more time.
-[ASMODEUS] Hmm?
[giggles]
[grunts] Hey, get off.
-When did you--
-Oh, well, you see,
right from the very beginning,
I hitched a ride on your back.
And then, I...
What, you get bored
or something? Huh?
Is that... Sabnock?
Where is he going?
Oh, no, he'd better not be...
Come on, Azz-Azz.
Why're you flying so slow?
-[grunts]
-Whoopsie.
Help me, Azz-Azz.
You're my only hope!
Don't thrash!
And first, let go of my neck!
[BOTH scream]
[snores]
[screams, yelps]
[BAT]
That way's not safe. Danger!
[TV DEMON]
Intruder in Cutthroat Valley.
[sighs] So Sabnock
went there after all.
Every year, just like you
there's always one numbskull.
[wind gusting]
♪
Curses!
[grunts]
This is how it's supposed to be.
Cutthroat Valley may be
more treacherous than anything,
but it's still
the best shortcut.
[grunts]
And that is why everyone
who dreams of being Demon King
goes through Cutthroat Valley
to earn their ranks.
Who cares about some guardian?
I'll crush the beast myself.
I will begin my military rule
as Demon King from this valley!
[yells]
Well, if we're lucky,
we can at least
retrieve an arm or a leg.
On the bright side,
I don't mind having one less
imbecile to worry about.
[SABNOCK grunting]
[panting]
[grunts sharply]
[growls]
And while we're at it,
I wonder where
the other insufferable idiot
who started late went.
[TV screeches]
Ugh. The Demonitors
must've lost track of him.
[groans weakly]
[NARRATOR] Allow me to explain
why Iruma is in this situation.
After being hurled
off the cliff...
Huh?! [screams]
[NARRATOR]
...Iruma was caught by
some rather curious demon crows
as he was falling.
There was a brief
but intense battle,
and now they've
made him their quarry.
[IRUMA] Huh? That's right.
Humans are considered
a delicacy in the netherworld.
I hope it savors
every last bite at least.
-[rumbling]
-[gasps] Hmm?
[screams]
[yells]
-[CLARA] Azz-Azz.
-[ASMODEUS grunts]
There's, there's something
I need to tell you.
You're the best.
Thank you for everything.
Don't forget about me, okay?
-[ASMODEUS grunts in effort]
-Promise?
Let go of me, would you?!
[grunts]
Hmph.
Oh, heya, Azz-Azz. I came back.
[ASMODEUS]
Master Iruma hasn't arrived yet.
Should we try and find him?
Perhaps that's
what these "friends"
he so often refers to
are supposed to do.
No, no. I wouldn't be surprised
if he's already made it
to the goal.
I'll bet he passed
as I was idly standing here.
Or maybe he went through
Cutthroat Valley
just like Sabnock did. [grunts]
Time to jump back
in the saddle and get to moving!
Ugh, get off!
[yells, groans]
[groans, coughs]
Huh?
Hold on, isn't this...
[screams, gasps]
♪
Yup, I'm dead.
-[squawking]
-[whimpering]
It's gonna eat me.
[chirping]
Huh?
-[squawks]
-[screams]
[BIRD groaning in pain]
You're hurt.
[screeches]
I'm sorry. I'm really sorry.
I see.
You're scared
because you're injured.
But how can I help you?
Ah. Maybe this.
[squawks]
It's okay. Watch me.
[groans]
[BIRD gasps]
[caws]
[grunts]
And, done.
You see? I wanna
do the same for you.
-Can I?
-[chirps]
♪
[gobbles]
Thanks for the trust.
Just a sec, okay?
Let me tear off some fabric.
Huh?
It's healed.
[gasps] How'd that happen?
Wow, I can't believe it,
it really is all better.
Apparently, humans
have healing powers
in the netherworld.
And with just a drop of blood...
Maybe humans are more
valuable here than I thought.
[cawing happily]
I'm so happy for you.
[chuckles]
[gobbles]
Uh... [chuckles nervously]
Oh, right.
You were about to eat me.
[chuckles nervously]
Um, please,
just get it over with quickly.
-[cooing]
-[IRUMA gasps]
[chuckling]
You're letting me live?
[gasps]
[yells, grunts]
Oh. You're giving me a ride?
[caws]
[squawks]
♪
[grunts]
[growls]
[groaning]
[labored breathing]
[growls]
So, this is the guardian
of Cutthroat Valley.
[low growling]
Well, this sucks.
Before I can even get close
to becoming the Demon King,
I... may die.
Su... ki... ma.
[SABNOCK scoffs] I will claim
the throne as Demon King.
[CLARA grunting]
[yells]
Man, she's really
determined to catch it.
Iruma sir, let's make
something similar to his tail.
That'll shut her up.
Aw, come on,
let her have her fun.
[inaudible dialogue]
What a relief.
I thought that giant birdie
was going to swallow me whole.
Where are you taking me, birdie?
I think this is the wrong way.
Is there a different goal
I should know about?
Next time, "The One Who
Wants to Be Demon King."
Wait. Are you heading
to Cutthroat Valley?
It's dangerous
over there, right?
Hey, um, hello?
Hello?!
♪